New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/web-analytics/web-analytics.md

---
Title: 'Web Analytics'
Description: 'Web analytics are a measurement of user behavior on a website or app, providing insight into how users are interacting with a design. Web analytics trends can reveal issues with content, navigation, visual design, and other aspects of a product or design.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

**Web analytics** are a measurement of user behavior on a website or app, providing insight into how users are interacting with a design. Web analytics trends can reveal issues with content, navigation, visual design, and other aspects of a product or design. While they are commonly associated with marketing, web analytics are also helpful for [user research](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/user-research).

> Web analytics are a source of [quantitative](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/quantitative-research) data, since they can be measured numerically, and are considered a [behavioral research method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/behavioral-research), since they observe real user behavior. Web analytics are an evaluative research method, and can only be gathered after a product has been released to assess its performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web analytics is a source of [quantitative](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/quantitative-research) data, since they can be measured numerically, and are considered a [behavioral research method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/behavioral-research) since they observe real user behavior. Web analytics is an evaluative research method, and can only be gathered after a product has been released to assess its performance.
```

## Examples

Common forms of web analytics include:

> - **General web analytics**: Analytics such as pageviews and traffic acquisition data measured by tools like [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General web analytics**: Analytics such as page views and traffic acquisition data are measured by tools like [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com).
```
